Reject generated subcolumns within object arrays or referencing their subcolumns (#18565)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/6.0.4.rst

- Fixed an issue where generated and default sub-columns were missing from
  results returned by the ``RETURNING`` clause.

- Disallowed generated sub-columns within object arrays or referencing their

>   sub-columns, which were unsupported and are now explicitly rejected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  sub-columns, which is unsupported and leading to errors or wrong behavior.
```
